Is par ya us par. bich me nahi. if u are getting bored. do it with speed.
tip of the effort makes u feel effortless. Karma yogi.

there is this disbelief that i wouldn't be able to crack it. and whatever
gymnastic u are doing is not worth it. this feeling can be changed once u get the momentum.
u need patience and get it going for sometime.

search item

select item cart
order item -> order placed
payment choice
delivery selection
track order
and at the end of the day u need working code

read some mock interviews of this LLD

more precisely define the behaviour

    enter the site. backend api classes.
    search the item. give u the list of items.
    select the item. and put it in the cart.

    go to checkout and buy items in the cart.
    place order api. select delivery method. and payment method.
    once u pay then only order is placed.

entities

item
cart
order
payment
most of the systems have payment interfaces. so do it properly. one time and apply everywhere.

item searcher
give back the list of items.

add to cart
create the cart if not exist or get the cart and add item to it.

checkout cart
select delivery options and payment method.
just ask for payment.

place order.
do the actual payment and confirm. after that place the order.

classes.

db accessor
Searcher
item
cart
order
payment classes and methods
delivery classes and methods

item searchers api -> takes in parameter like name, type, brand, etc etc.
different implementations. get the list of this parameters and run it by and close.
could be an enum. search parameters. search query. + filters. type, brand, color.

Searcher class.

search();
apply filters. not a database will do. we have to do it in the code.

apply all kinds of filter.
Color, payOnDelivery, Size filter etc etc.

List<Filter>,
payOnDelivery is true or false.
size and date.
List<>
one by one u can apply filter.

filter class.
filter will have method filter. takes list<Item> and returns list<Items>

search(query, List<Filter> filters)
call filter api of all the filters after getting the search result.
FilterFactory. each filter will accept some argument in the constructor.


